README.rst, before:

**********************
Twitter Widget Portlet
**********************

.. contents:: Table of Contents

Life, the Universe, and Everything
----------------------------------

https://twitter.com/settings/widgets

Don't Panic
-----------

Create twitter widget:

.. image:: https://raw.github.com/collective/collective.portlet.twitter/master/docs/_img/Screen%20Shot%202012-11-09%20at%209.54.19%20AM.png

Configure widget:

.. image:: https://raw.github.com/collective/collective.portlet.twitter/master/docs/_img/Screen%20Shot%202012-11-09%20at%209.54.58%20AM.png

Saved:

.. image:: https://raw.github.com/collective/collective.portlet.twitter/master/docs/_img/Screen%20Shot%202012-11-09%20at%209.55.14%20AM.png

Get widget id:

.. image:: https://raw.github.com/collective/collective.portlet.twitter/master/docs/_img/Screen%20Shot%202012-11-09%20at%209.55.14%20AM-Get_id.png

Add widget id in field **Data Widget ID**:

.. image:: https://raw.github.com/collective/collective.portlet.twitter/master/docs/_img/Screen%20Shot%202012-11-09%20at%209.53.19%20AM.png


That's it!

.. image:: https://raw.github.com/collective/collective.portlet.twitter/master/docs/_img/Screen%20Shot%202012-11-09%20at%209.52.39%20AM.png


Mostly Harmless
---------------

.. image:: https://secure.travis-ci.org/collective/collective.portlet.twitter.png
    :target: http://travis-ci.org/collective/collective.portlet.twitter

Got an idea? Found a bug? Let us know by `opening a support ticket`_.

.. _`opening a support ticket`: https://github.com/collective/collective.portlet.twitter/issues

Commit message:

Update readme and screenshot of client side settings.

README.rst, after:

**********************
Twitter Widget Portlet
**********************

.. contents:: Table of Contents

Life, the Universe, and Everything
----------------------------------

This portlet allows you to easily embed and customise JavaScript-based Twitter
widgets into your Plone site.

To read and understand more about such widgets, and to create your own, visit 
https://twitter.com/settings/widgets.

Don't Panic
-----------

Create twitter widget:

.. image:: https://raw.github.com/collective/collective.portlet.twitter/master/docs/_img/Screen%20Shot%202012-11-09%20at%209.54.19%20AM.png

Configure widget:

.. image:: https://raw.github.com/collective/collective.portlet.twitter/master/docs/_img/Screen%20Shot%202012-11-09%20at%209.54.58%20AM.png

Saved:

.. image:: https://raw.github.com/collective/collective.portlet.twitter/master/docs/_img/Screen%20Shot%202012-11-09%20at%209.55.14%20AM.png

Get widget id:

.. image:: https://raw.github.com/collective/collective.portlet.twitter/master/docs/_img/Screen%20Shot%202012-11-09%20at%209.55.14%20AM-Get_id.png

Add your widget ID into the **Data Widget ID** field as follows:

.. image:: https://raw.github.com/collective/collective.portlet.twitter/master/docs/_img/Screen%20Shot%202012-11-09%20at%209.53.19%20AM.png

For more information on the variety of client-side options 
(such as theme, link color, width, height, and so forth) that can be 
configured within this portlet's settings, see Twitter's development 
documentation at https://dev.twitter.com/docs/embedded-timelines#customization.

Make any customisations you'd like and click **Save**.

That's it!

.. image:: https://raw.github.com/collective/collective.portlet.twitter/master/docs/_img/Screen%20Shot%202012-11-09%20at%209.52.39%20AM.png




Mostly Harmless
---------------

.. image:: https://secure.travis-ci.org/collective/collective.portlet.twitter.png
    :target: http://travis-ci.org/collective/collective.portlet.twitter

Got an idea? Found a bug? Let us know by `opening a support ticket`_.

.. _`opening a support ticket`: https://github.com/collective/collective.portlet.twitter/issues
